[15.0] add account_block_payment (#1343)
OCA/account-invoicing: account_invoice_block_payment/readme/USAGE.rst

> The user can set a flag on each invoices in order to block their payment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user can set a flag on each invoice in order to block its payment.
```
